docs(memfault): suggest Memfault in NCS docs (#23)
memfault/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf91/nrf91_features.rst

.. _nrf91_fota:
.. _nrf9160_fota:

Remote Observability for your Embedded Device

> *********************************************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remote observability using Memfault
***********************************
```

The |NCS| bundles support for remotely monitoring and debugging your
fleet. This can be leveraged to quickly identify and triage issues in the field and optimize
connection quality and battery life for global deployments. The collection system has been

> optimized to work in intermittent connectiviy environments and has extemely low overhead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The |NCS| bundles support for remotely monitoring and debugging the fleet. 
This quickly identifies and triages issues in the field and optimizes connection quality and battery life for global deployments. 
The collection system has been optimized to work in intermittent connectivity environments and has extremely low overhead.
```

Author: I'm wondering if we should have more active language in the second sentence. I'm also thinking  `fleets` or `device fleets` over `the fleet` for clarity. Is the concern here that we don't want to introduce you/your language? Here's my adjustment, what do you think?

```suggestion
The |NCS| bundles support for remotely monitoring and debugging device fleets. 
This support enables quicker identification and triaging of issues in the field, and optimizes connection quality and battery life for global deployments.
The collection system has been optimized to work in intermittent connectivity environments and has extremely low overhead.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good.

The Cellular stack has been instrumented for out-of-the box collection of a number of key
connectivity health vitals such as such as total bytes sent and received, the network operator, frequency
band, and signal quality measurements. For debugging, any system crashes as well as modem traces

> can be remotely collected for further analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cellular stack consists of out-of-the-box collection of the following key connectivity health vitals: 

* Total bytes sent and received
* The network operator
* Frequency band
* Signal quality measurements

For debugging, any system crashes and modem traces can be remotely collected for further analysis.
```

See the :ref:`ug_memfault` page for more information on
how to enable Memfault in your |NCS| project with a nRF91 Series SiP to visualize the data across

> your fleet and by device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :ref:`ug_memfault` page for more information on how to enable Memfault in your |NCS| project on an nRF91 Series SiP to visualize the data across the fleet and by device.
```
